what's up guys minions on kids games
welcome back to another episode
Batman you forgot about this a series
where I talk about Batman villains
topics or anything that Ben has
forgotten about in previous Arkham games
and how they can come back in Batman
Arkham Knight so today's topic is Batman
you forgot about zas so so many of you
guys requested zez and I'm kind of
surprised that you guys did I thought he
was one of those side mission villains
that was gonna appear in Arkham City and
then never appear again but apparently
you guys want me to talk about him so
here we go if you guys have not played
Arkham City spoilers the side mission
was as pretty much around the city you
get a random phone calls on these little
payphones on the side you pick it up and
then zaz Victor's ass pretty much says
like bunch of crazy stuff like oh I took
this guy's knife and I love like
scarring or something like that
and you pretty much track the phone call
back to a secret hideout you go to him
and it wasn't really a boss battle
pretty much you just can't let him see
you or us he's gonna kill that little
hostage I believe you pretty much go
around and sneak up behind him and then
sign I take down end of story you put
him in a cage you just got caged anyways
so
he's in this cage and that's pretty much
it and can he escape from the cage okay
I could see this both ways he can't
escape because he's really skinny and
the bars are kind of like big so I feel
like he can slip through there somehow
but in reality probably not because he
doesn't really have powers he doesn't
have anything except for he's psycho and
he had like he just cuts himself and
cuts other people so I don't really see
him being in Arkham Knight I really
don't you know I said a lot of people
could be in Arkham Knight but I really
don't see there's a purpose for him
being an art knight I know Arkham
Knights gonna be the final game it's
gonna have like probably the best story
all these major villains and hopefully
some minor villains but I don't see
Victor's ass coming back I really don't
I really don't know if he does come back
I don't know what kind of story you
could play maybe he could be another
little side mission and may
he kidnaps Catwoman and then Batman or
Robin
hopefully Robin crossed my fingers well
go try to save Catwoman and do another
little side mission where the phone
rings and you gotta track down save
Catwoman cuz you know he plays Catwoman
in Arkham City and you go to Victor
Zsasz hideout she hasn't open the door
cuz she's like Oh Victor Zsasz gives me
the creeps or wherever so maybe that's a
way that zas can be in Arkham Knight but
that's all I can think of what do you
guys think leave a comment down below
let me know some ideas that you guys
have for zazz and I better hear some
good ideas cuz a lot of you guys
requested zazz and you guys better have
some good reason for that
so I hope you guys enjoy the video make
sure you guys like comment down below
let me know what part SAS can play a
part or what zas can do in Arkham Knight
I'd love to hear from you guys subscribe
if you guys are new my name's on kid
genes and you just get caged
yeah